docs: prettier home page for the documentation portal (#309)
allinbits/cosmos-cash: docs/README.md

# Cosmos Cash

[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/allinbits/cosmos-cash.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/allinbits/cosmos-cash)
[![build](https://github.com/allinbits/cosmos-cash/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/allinbits/cosmos-cash/actions/workflows/ci.yaml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/allinbits/cosmos-cash/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=NLT5ZWM460)](https://codecov.io/gh/allinbits/cosmos-cash)
[![Libraries.io dependency status for GitHub repo](https://img.shields.io/librariesio/github/allinbits/cosmos-cash)](https://libraries.io/go/github.com%2Fallinbits%2Fcosmos-cash)

![](https://miro.medium.com/max/1000/1*8Wx44uvyJxpZUVS0WojMNw.png)

### Summary

> Cosmos Cash is a protocol designed to be regulatory compliant that offers the same guarantees as traditional banking

Reviewer: hallelujah! thank you
```suggestion
Cosmos Cash is a protocol designed to be regulatory compliant that offers the same guarantees as traditional banking
```

systems. Features that enable these guarantees are Know Your Customer (KYC), anti-money laundering (AML) tracking,
Financial Action Task Force (FATF) travel rule, and identity management. Cosmos Cash uses a novel approach to identity
management by leveraging W3C specifications for decentralized identifiers and verifiable credentials.

### Research paper

> For more information on the research behind the Cosmos Cash protocol, please look at the Cosmos Cash research paper:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the research behind the Cosmos Cash protocol, see the Cosmos Cash research paper:
```

Reviewer: oops let's not use please 
https://developers.google.com/style/tone#politeness-and-use-of-please
